So before we get started, I just wanted to talk about a couple of things So the sessions are 
typically gonna be about 45 to 50 minutes in here. For the next 6 weeks. We'll be meeting about 
once a week and we're talking about whatever you have in mind, and wanting to bring up for this 
session. One thing that I wanted to bring to your attention is that, obviously, everything will be 
kept confidential here. And then there are just a couple things that I wanted to point out. There 
might be a couple instances that I would have to break confidentiality And some of those things 
would include if there was a court order. Obviously, I would have to respect That's If I ever 
believed that you would wanna harm yourself or any other people, I might have to get someone 
else involved just to make sure that everyone stays safe. So Obviously. And then any suspected 
child or elder abuse that would have to be reported as well. But other than that, everything will 
be kept confidential. One thing is that I do have to record these sessions for video and audio, 
and far as educational purposes. I'm still, you know, working on my master's and things like that. 
Are you okay with having everything recorded Yep. That's fine. Okay. Excellent. And then also, I 
might have to talk with my supervisor about some of the things that we we talk about. Other 
than that, everything is confidential between us 2, and that's also just for supervision and 
educational purposes. Okay. Mhmm. Okay. Excellent. So I guess why don't we get started? 
What are some things that brought you in today? I'm just overwhelmed with work. I have a lot 
going on, and then I just school, so things have just been piling on together. So just really 
overwhelmed with everything going on and trying to balance Yeah. I can understand that. Where 
do you work right now? I work at Whole Health, as a case manager. So work in the community 
with clients. In the CS working with people as with schizophrenia, things like that. So So So 
you're working full time and going to school as well? Mhmm. Yeah. Full time. I'm going to school 
all the time. Okay. Kind of classes are you taking right now? I'm taking theories techniques, and 
ethics, all of the core classes. And how has that been going with the workload and everything 
like that for you? I've been managing so far stress You know, I feel like I wanna have time for my 
friends I have to cancel ladders. I know I'm gonna do homework feel like I don't have time for 
myself right now. Right. Just trying to figure out the balance between all of that. Mhmm. Yeah. I 
use know, I feel bad saying all sometimes, and I've always just wanted to do that and not upset 
anybody. So I just need to hang out with people, but a great knowledge Yeah. I can imagine it's 
hard to find time to keep the social life in there. And Mhmm. You mentioned not wanting to let 
people down and Yeah. And then my husband's been a little frustrated lately just you know, he 
says, like, I don't really talk him as much anymore because I just wanna come home and 
decompress. He works from home all day and doesn't talk to anybody. He I come home, and he 
just wants to chat, chat, chat, and I come home and I just wanna relax and decompress and 
that. So you said, just wanting to come home and relax a little bit and not having to worry about 
keeping up that conversation. Mhmm. Yeah. But I I just I don't want let that go because I don't 
wanna, like, ruin the relationship. Know, I'm so busy with school that I don't get I have that time. 
Right. Balance, I guess. I can see that. Yeah. I just I don't feel like I feel And and I wanna fix it, 
but how do I So you're kinda confused on where to devote your time Mhmm. For all of those 
things? Yeah. I don't like, I wanna have time for myself. But also give him that time and that 
letter of relationship out of the way. Friends, 12, What kind of things have you been doing lately 
as far as managing time and Well, I come I usually have time set aside.